[chorus singing] Open your eyes
This destiny
If I can't escape it
Then I'll swallow it all down
Both right and wrong
And I'll fight
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
The menace that dominates
The darkness in my troubled mind
The truth of a human
Who has begun to lose control
That meaninglessness
I've come to know it
If even counterfeit peace
Will break into pieces
I will cast
A defiant shadow
It's the end of escape
Stand up
Because it's the only way
Follow it
The small hope I aim for
The weakness that spilled
From the proffered hand
I swallowed it all down
Both right and wrong
And lost my mind
AT THIS RATE IT REALLY WILL BE WAR!
The government, which has only
declared a state of emergency until now
announced "a national crisis"
in response to the Ajin Sato's
occupation of the Self Defense Force base.
Cooperation with the United States
has also come under consideration.
Okay.
I'm fine, Mom, so don't worry.
[woman 1] Wha-- What should we do...
-Shouldn't we get away too...?
-Bye.
I mean, I'm scared too, but we can't
just leave our patients...
[man] As long as they have the hostages
and chemical weapons,
we can't afford to make mistakes.
-Wait for orders from the top.
-Roger.
[explosion nearby]
Hmm... Right, just as the map says.
Perfect.
Just a teaspoon of the nerve gas
that the Ajin possess
is capable of killing every human
within a 100-meter radius.
It's that bad?
If it's released all over the country,
the entire population of Japan
could be wiped out.
Isn't the missile in the video
a short-range one?
Just now, I received a call from the
commanding officer
of the U.S. forces in Japan
requesting joint operations.
America's sending
a military intervention
in response
to a domestic terrorist threat?
That's a violation
of national sovereignty!
They don't see it as a domestic conflict,
but as a Far East emergency.
The president has issued
an official communiqué.
I'm gonna go get Nagai after all...
He might come up with a great strategy
for us, and he has his ghost.
Leave him.
I won't do it.
What did you say?
There's no way we can win now.
It's pointless.
So you want us to just watch silently
and do nothing?
If this country does become
an independent Ajin state,
it may be easier
for me to live in anyway.
I always knew you were selfish,
but I didn't realize just how much.
You're only interested in saving
your own fiancée too, right?
You bastard!
Nagai!
Is that really what you want?!
Huh? Of course it is.
You're trash!
Yeah.
I know that.
He's finished...
He can't even summon his IBM anymore.
He's useless.
[woman on computer] Sources tell us
that the government is taking a stance
of more comprehensive cooperation with the
U.S. in response to Ajin Sato's threat.
Joint operations with the U.S. military...
[chuckles]
[Tanaka] Hey, even the Americans
are butting in now...
They're really getting shaken up.
Now that we've gone this far, the
government has to listen to our demands.
Right, Mr. Sato?
Yes, I'm sure they'll be contacting us
any minute now.
[phone ringing]
Told you.
I'm Field Officer Kouma, of the JGSDF.
I'll be in charge of negotiations.
This is Sato.
Why, it's an honor to be able to speak
with such a senior officer directly.
I'll get directly to the point.
The government considers
the people's safety its top priority.
We'll designate the uninhabited islands
in the south of Kyushu
or a part of Hokkaido
as an independent territory for Ajin.
All right! We did it...!
Incredible!
Mr. Sato!
[chuckles]
I'm glad to hear it.
These are the most extreme measures
we are able to take.
Therefore, we'd like to begin discussions
for you to disarm--
But I'm afraid it won't do.
Wha-- What is it?!
What did they do?!
Apparently one of the missiles
has been launched.
Heading where?!
[explosion nearby then all shouting]
That was just
to drive the threat home, right?
No.
I never heard anything
about actually firing these...
What's going on?
Wh-- What is this?
[groans] Is that a poison gas missile?
-No, it can't be...!
-Hurry, get a damage report!
Have security check the defensive walls!
[Sato] Colonel Kouma, right?
I'm not asking for something
conventional like that.
What I want is this entire country.
This is your final warning.
Listen carefully.
Evacuate Japan.
You run out of time in three days.
If the Japanese government
or the U.S. military
rejects our demands,
then they can come risk their lives
to stop us.
However, no aerial bombings.
If we see any suspicious aircraft
within a 3-kilometer radius,
we'll fire the missiles.
Even if this country is covered
in a cloud of poison gas...
the Ajin alone will survive.
Move out.
We will become the rulers of this country.
END TRANSMISSION
Wha-- What are you doing?!
At this rate it really will be war!
Whatever do you mean, Tanaka?
Haven't I been saying it from the start?
This is a war.
I-- I can't go along with this.
You can't just pull out now.
Desertion is a serious violation
of the rules.
Then what are you gonna do about it?!
You gonna lock every one of us up?!
Let's see...
Mr. Sato...
What are you doing?
If I felt like it, I could cut off
all your heads.
Mr. Sato...
Why?
Finally...
Finally Japan is listening to us!
We've worked so hard for that,
for a future for Ajin...
I don't care about any of that.
All I care about is excitement.
That's what we're fighting for.
Mr. Sato...
You're out of your mind...
[chuckles]
AJIN SATO BOMBS PRIME MINISTER'S RESIDENCE
The area within a 1-kilometer radius
of the Prime Minister's residence
is currently closed off
as the chemical protection unit
continues to work tirelessly!
[crowd] This is seriously bad!
Where can we run?!
The government has ordered citizens
to seek shelter indoors.
You guys go on ahead.
I'll keep a lookout behind.
Sato's gone completely nuts...
Okuyama, you okay with this?
There's no point in playing war games
forever.
But what'll we do now?
This won't go down well
if Sato catches us...
I have an idea about that.
As unrest continues to grip the country,
some people are turning violent
and incidents of attacks on the family
of Ajin have been occurring under
the pretext of so-called Ajin hunts.
AJIN HUNTERS ATTACK FAMILIES OF AJIN
The families of the Ajin Tanaka and Nagai
are already under protection,
but the status of Kei Nagai's
younger sister is unknown.
NAGAI ERIKO (14)
There are reports that rioters have
mobbed the facility she is hospitalized.
[crowd] Where's Nagai's sister?
Where is she?!
-Stop this!
-Calm down!
-Where is she?
-She isn't here!
Find her!
[muffled screaming]
Eri!
K-- Kei?
Let's go, Eri.
Don't touch me!
Whose fault is this?!
Who do you think got me into this mess?!
Idiot, be quiet!
Stop it!
What are you doing?!
-Why did you come here?!
-There she is!
Hey, isn't that--
It's Nagai!
It's Kei Nagai!
Hurry!
Should I use my voice?!
But then even Eri
won't be able to move...
Hey! Got him!
Serves you right!
Let's do this!
The Ajin hunt is on!
[Eri] N-- No!
Kei?
[Nagai] Come out!
Ghost!
[gasps]
-Kai!..
-Come on!
Damn it, this is bad.
Are you feeling better now?
Then let's go.
I can't go all the way to the police,
but I can take you close.
-But--
-Wait.
Kei.
Run with us.
Kai.
I saw it on the news.
It's been rough, right?
-'Cause of that Sato guy.
-So?
It has nothing to do with you.
Hey, Kei!
Shut up, Eri.
But you shouldn't talk to Kai like--
Shut up.
With his connections,
we can escape to India.
This time let's really escape together.
You're still saying that?
What's wrong?
I'm not the same as I was before.
No matter what I do,
I keep having to fight,
and so many people have died
before my eyes.
It's become clear to me now.
I don't need any unnecessary feelings.
It's stupid to get carried away
by emotion.
-Kei...
-Don't you get it, Kai?!
You saved me, and I abandoned you!
You got thrown into juvenile hall
because of me!
-I guess.
-So just...
So just leave me alone!
But we're friends, right?
You're my friend, Kei.
You really still think that.
Of course I do.
You really haven't changed...
You haven't changed
since we were kids, Kai...
That so?
Thank you.
Okay, so it's decided.
We'll go ahead with the plan.
That guy's an idiot, huh?
Yeah, he is.
He's such an idiot.
He said you'd definitely
go to your sister...
so we had to go rescue you.
Insisted on it.
Even though you abandoned him.
Yeah.
There's something wrong with him.
-Ah? You--
-All I've ever done
is try to be a successful person.
And I've chosen only what I needed
to that end.
And yet...
And yet that weirdo was my only friend.
[scoffs] What's up with that?
Can I ask you a favor?
Eri, I'm sorry.
You went through a lot of trouble
because of me.
What's all this, all of the sudden...?
I'm really sorry.
Whatever. It's fine...
But at least when you're running away,
be quiet.
It was stupid to yell like that.
That was because you showed up
out of nowhere.
-Uh, Kai.
-What is it?
Sorry to ask at a time like this...
but I've really gotta pee.
Ah. Okay, I'll stop on the side.
Kei's taking a long time.
I'm gonna check on him.
There's no point.
That's a long piss.
He asked you to take care of his sister.
What do you mean...?!
Kei.
You're an idiot,
but your friend's an idiot too.
Shut up.
He's not an idiot.
[humming]
You sure seem to be having fun.
Are those games really that fun?
Yeah.
The higher the difficulty, the greater
the satisfaction when you clear it.
Did you do it on purpose?
Did you set it up so they'd betray you?
[laughs] You say the funniest things,
Tanaka.
Did you think that would make
your game more fun?
Well, it's true that the fewer allies
you have
the more people you can kill yourself.
Mr. Sato,
you really are a fool.
You're not the person
I thought you were,
and I have no clue what you're
thinking.
But...
[gasps
The Player 2 slot is open.
[chuckles]
[groaning]
Mr. Tosaki,
maybe you should rest a little...
I'm fine.
[sighs]
I never thought you'd attack a tank
with a spear.
There's nothing else
we can do...
Just like Don Quixote.
Nagai!
[Tosaki] Why did you come back?
It should be obvious.
You need my help to stop Sato.
Don't make me laugh!
Mr. Tosaki!
Just what can you do for us now?!
I know that you don't trust me,
and I don't care.
But...
I'm going to stop Sato.
Because that's what I should do.
[man] Target confirmed.
Breach.
It's a trap!
To be continued
[chorus singing]
I'm tired of this one already, so
I'll trade it
For your ordinary one
A shiny holy card
For a grainy paper card
You can see them all
When you come to my house
So
Two of us in the corner of the schoolyard
While the wind blows
I might be able to say it now
Words I've never said to anyone
"Won't you come and play, I'll be nice"
"I'll give you anything, see"
"Be my friend
Always"
Created by:
Matt Duncan